![Cover](cover.png)

# Weekly Report

### Introduction

This is the weekly report for the TechNERDs. Here we summarize key tasks, team feedback, issues, and priorities for the week. The report helps track ongoing progress, challenges faced, and actions taken. The information is organized weekly and can be expanded upon as needed.

### **Weekly Reports**

<details>
<summary><b>Week 1 - 2025/2/10 to 2025/2/16</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. `Zak` granted `simple8720` the permission to manage discussions in the GitHub Developers repository, in order to handle the backlog of historical discussions and promptly close those that meet the criteria for closure.
    2. You can view the details of the actions performed by `simple8720` in the repository at the following link: [Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1g5nB5j2EWRVpwLLqHWOWOSeXYx3LGKA74a5DBy4qYMk/edit?usp=sharing). Please feel free to provide feedback on any issues through the comments section.
    3. `Tipi` connducted tests the [kurtosis-devnet](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/tree/develop/kurtosis-devnet), and the tests ran successfully.
    4. `Chom` engaged in learning and discussions related to `supersim`.
    5. New team member `jsvisa(.j8j)` has joined in responding to issues on GitHub.
    6. `simple8720` drafted a work report draft.
- **Team Feedback**

  - Feedback received from team members.

    > Do responses to questions posted in the Discord channels `builder-general` and `op-stack-chains` count towards **T-shirt** points?" â€” `hashigo` [more detials](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1337082448869195860)

    > **[op-deployer]** We should convince OP Lab to deploy on ETH holesky, If they aren't going to support opcm bootstrap in near future â€” `Chom` [more detials](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1339620992640745482)

    > **[op-node]** op-node on simple-optimism-node can't find any peers after upgrading to v1.11.0 â€” `Chom` [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1340383812118642839)

    > **[op-node docker image]** Wanted to setup a Nethermind op-stack node on op-mainnet but just noticed that latest label has changed to possibly some unstable version of op-node. â€” `Chom` etc [more details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/developers/discussions/710)

    > **[contracts-ts]**What is the blessed way of using OP smart contracts as dependencies? Is the contracts-ts package still under maintenance? â€” simple8720 [more details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/developers/discussions/704)

  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.

    > [**[op-deployer]** We should convince OP Lab toâ€¦.](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues/14029#issuecomment-2672316182)

    > [**[op-node]** op-node on simple-optimism-nodeâ€¦](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1341862765442371728)

    > [**[op-node docker image]** Wanted to setup aâ€¦](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/oplabs-tools-artifacts/us/images/op-node?invt=Abqfjg)

- **Challenges & Issues**
  - **Major issues faced during the week**
    [**Preparing for Pectra breaking changes**](https://docs.optimism.io/notices/pectra-changes)
  - How they were resolved.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**

  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**
    - Draft a key performance indicator (KPI) tracking table for team members, with `simple8720` assisting in drafting and organizing feedback.
    - Assign the TechNerd role to new team members and guide them through completing the KYC process.
    - Solicit feedback on the current statistics template.
    - Prepare for upcoming breaking changes in Pectra.
  - Any new areas that need additional focus.
  **[OP Mainnet Runbooks]** This page contains public runbooks OP Labs uses in the day-to-day operation of OP Mainnet and various OP Stack components. [more details](https://www.notion.so/120f153ee1628045b230d5cd3df79f63?pvs=21)
  **[sup]** Deploy a `superchainerc20` with `sup...` and understand the `sup` integration. [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1337085205667774515)
  [op-deployer] [viem for own op stack chain] [supersim]
</details>
<details>
  <summary><b>Week 2 - 2025/2/17 to 2025/2/23</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. Last week, three issues raised by team members have been resolved. [Link to the report](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21).
    2. The roles have been assigned to all members, the new `superchain dev` server has been activated, and the `draft of the key performance indicator (KPI)` tracking table has not been completed.
    3. We closed dozens of discussions in the [developer repositories](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/developers/discussions) this week, including the [simple8720 closure operation](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1g5nB5j2EWRVpwLLqHWOWOSeXYx3LGKA74a5DBy4qYMk/edit?usp=sharing) and the userâ€™s closure operations.
    4. Issue have been raised and improvements made to the docs section [Running a Local Development Environment](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/docs/issues/1406).
- **Team Feedback**

  - Feedback received from team members.

    > [etherscan tools] The Account Balancer Checker on OPscan does not return correct results.?" â€” `tip1` [more detials](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1342159684387471492)

    > [docs] And they also change default p2p port to 9222, While in the doc it still say 9003 â€”`chom` [more detials](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1340384370946609255)

    > Does this mean the new ticket system will not appear in the superchain devs server? Or superchain devs is for devs only general discussion â€” `simple8720` [more detials](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1343952909519425628)

  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.

- **Challenges & Issues**
  - **Major issues faced during the week**
    [**Preparing for Pectra breaking changes**](https://docs.optimism.io/notices/pectra-changes)
  - How they were resolved.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**
    - Draft a key performance indicator (KPI) tracking table for team members, with `simple8720` assisting in drafting and organizing feedback. [Not completed last week]
    - Accelerate the process of closing the backlog of discussions.
    - Prepare for upcoming breaking changes in Pectra.
    - support eth-denver
  - Any new areas that need additional focus.
    **[OP Mainnet Runbooks]** This page contains public runbooks OP Labs uses in the day-to-day operation of OP Mainnet and various OP Stack components. [more details](https://www.notion.so/120f153ee1628045b230d5cd3df79f63?pvs=21)
    **[sup]** Deploy a `superchainerc20` with `sup...` and understand the `sup` integration. [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1337085205667774515)
    [viem for own op stack chain] [supersim]

</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 3 - 2025/2/24 to 2025/3/2</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. This week is `ETHDenver 2025 week`. `Chom,` `Tipi`, and `simple8720` participated in answering questions in the `Superchain dev` `eth-denver` channel. However, based on the criteria outlined in [Mission](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem-contributions/issues/268) under the `Hackathon Support` section, no one met the requirements.
    2. We tested the `Superchain dev tickets system`, but the migration of dev support to `Superchain dev` has been progressing slowly.
    3. We accelerated the process of closing `discussions` in the `developer repository` and proposed [Proposal: A One-Time Cleanup of Unclosed Discussions in the Developers Repository](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bDxb1fYmpKmTUetDXgwMENHs3bDIOtNBj_gCU6dh1_A/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.phlb6zrmbb91).
    4. `jsvisa` investigated issues related to the deployment of L1 contracts using the forge script `scripts/deploy/Deploy.s.sol:Deploy` in both the `develop` and `other release` versions. We plan to improve the documentation for this section.
    5. The [TechNerds channel](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844) is hosting some valuable discussions.
- **Team Feedback**
  - Feedback received from team members.
    > Currently, TechNerds does not have permission to manage the `TicketEase system(Superchain devs server)`. Additionally, `jsvisa (.j8j)` needs to be granted the T`echNerd role` in the server. â€”simple8720
    > Tipi is unable to chat in the `app-dev` channel on the Superchain dev server. -- Tipi
    > The faucet has run out of Sepolia ETH. -- Tipi [More details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1345777810358403143)
  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
- **Challenges & Issues**
  - **Major issues faced during the week**
    [**Preparing for Pectra breaking changes**](https://docs.optimism.io/notices/pectra-changes)
  - How they were resolved.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities** 
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.** 
    - The **Criteria for Evaluating Active TechNERDs** document is in the `draft` stage and is expected to be released next week, along with a **tracking template**. 
    - **Migration** of `dev support` to the `Superchain dev servers`. 
    - **Improving** the user experience of the [Creating Your Own L2 Rollup Testnet](https://docs.optimism.io/operators/chain-operators/tutorials/create-l2-rollup) guide. 
  - Any new areas that need additional focus. 
    - **Check** whether the [Superchain Relayer](https://console.optimism.io/relayer) is functioning properly. 
    - **Investigate** how to run the chain after deploying L1 contracts using `op-deployer`, as the documentation lacks relevant details. 
    - **[OP Mainnet Runbooks]** This page contains public runbooks OP Labs uses in the day-to-day operation of OP Mainnet and various OP Stack components. [more details](https://www.notion.so/120f153ee1628045b230d5cd3df79f63?pvs=21) 
    - **[sup]** Deploy a `superchainerc20` with `sup...` and understand the `sup` integration. [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1337085205667774515) 
    - [viem for own op stack chain] [supersim]
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Week 4 - 2025/3/3 to 2025/3/9</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. This week, we discussed the migration of support to the `Superchain-devs` server (`Discord` part) and received [feedback](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21) from `hash1go` and `tipi`.
    2. This week, `simple8720` drafted the **Criteria for Evaluating Active TechNERDs** and a draft template for contribution tracking.
    3. This week, we suggested adding a bridge that applies `viem` to our `OP Stack testnet` in the docs, based on efforts from `chom` and `simple8720`.
    4. `simple8720` attempted to upgrade our `OP Stack` testnet (without fault-proof) to support `Pectra`.
    5. `joohhnnn` leveraged their understanding of the `Fault Proof VM` to address related issues, `jsvisa` showed great enthusiasm in reproducing complex user-reported issues, `tipi` tracked common `faucet` issues, and `chom` utilized their extensive experience with `L1` and `L2` infrastructure operations to assist users.
- **Team Feedback**

  - Feedback received from team members.

    > "...the priority of improving the Superchain Dev Discord server should be higher...", "...limited opportunities to contribute and fail to reach 18 active weeks..." â€” `hashigo` [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1346468681512915075/1346480927739613245)

    > `tipi` is unable to chat in the `app-devs` channel of the `Superchain-devs` server â€” `tipi` [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1346468681512915075/1346485218571456554)

    > The `Superchain Faucet` on the [Superchain Dev Console](https://console.optimism.io/) seems to have a common issue â€” `tipi` [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1345777810358403143)

    > "Reaching 18 active weeks" presents a challenge, and details on how to track contributions need to be determined as soon as possible â€” `simple8720`

    > Feedback and evaluation are requested regarding [A One-Time Cleanup of Unclosed Discussions in the Developers Repository](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1346158638925873172), which involves resolving 80% of discussions within 48 hours â€” a highly challenging metric. â€” `simple8720`

    > Due to the Pectra upgrade on L1, the existing documentation may no longer be applicable for setting up an `own OP Stack` testnet on `Sepolia`. A temporary solution may be needed, which could be provided by `TechNERDs` rather than the `docs` team. â€”`simple8720`

  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.

- **Challenges & Issues**
  - **Major issues faced during the week**
    Progress the migration of support to the `Superchain-devs` server (`Discord` part)
  - How they were resolved.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**
    - **Migration** of `dev support` to the `Superchain dev servers`.
    - **Improving** the user experience of the [Creating Your Own L2 Rollup Testnet](https://docs.optimism.io/operators/chain-operators/tutorials/create-l2-rollup) guide.
    - Advance the process of **tracking** member contributions.
  - Any new areas that need additional focus.
    - **Check** whether the [Superchain Relayer](https://console.optimism.io/relayer) is functioning properly.
    - **Investigate** how to run the chain after deploying L1 contracts using `op-deployer`, as the documentation lacks relevant details.
    - **[OP Mainnet Runbooks]** This page contains public runbooks OP Labs uses in the day-to-day operation of OP Mainnet and various OP Stack components. [more details](https://www.notion.so/120f153ee1628045b230d5cd3df79f63?pvs=21)
    - **[sup]** Deploy a `superchainerc20` with `sup...` and understand the `sup` integration. [more details](https://discord.com/channels/667044843901681675/1141037410717814844/1337085205667774515)
    - [supersim]

</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 5 - 2025/3/10 to 2025/3/16</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. In the GitHub repository `developor`, a total of 9 **discussions** of various types were created this week, 7 of which have already been closed. (This reflects the high activity level of developers in the `developor` repository.)

       This week, `TechNerds` effectively closed 10 discussions.

    2. On the `superchain-devs` server, new channels such as `app-dev-chat` and `infra-chat` were created. `hashigo`, `t1p1`, and `simple8720` participated in answering questions. Currently, no new valid **tickets** have been created on this server.
    3. This week, `chom` closed the most **discussions** on GitHub.
    4. This week, `simple8720` answered the most questions on `superchain-devs`.
    5. This week, `jsvisa` focused on issues related to `op-deployer`, and it is expected that some of these issues will be resolved next week. (Many issues have been raised on `op-deployer`.)
    6. This week, `simple8720` focused on using `viem` to bridge standard `ERC20` tokens. The related investigation has been shared, and feedback has been provided to the `docs team.`
    7. `t1p1` will continue to track issues related to `faucet`.
- **Team Feedback**
  - Feedback received from team members.
    1. It is recommended to add a direct entry to the `superchain-devs` server on the `docs` and official website. â€” `simple8720`
    2. A user reported that a withdrawal transaction from 2020 could not be found. Transaction hash: `0x0f2f70ce16c2739a1d9e1220e075c3d2b4214e105db0390e3afe4f7370af0109`. â€” `mark`
    3. `TechNerds` needs guidance on the current workflow for `discussion` metrics on GitHub to help us retrieve and analyze the data further. â€” `simple8720`
  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
- **Challenges & Issues**
  - **Major issues faced during the week**
  - How they were resolved.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities** 
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.** 
  - Any new areas that need additional focus. 
    - [supersim] 
    - [\*\*@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem) 
    â€” an new tool about interop\*\*
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 6 - 2025/3/17 to 2025/3/23</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. In the GitHub repository `developor`, all TechNerd members participated in answering questions. A total of 8 **discussions** of various types were `created` this week, 1 of which have already been `closed`. (This reflects the high activity level of developers in the `developor` repository.)
    2. On the `superchain-devs` server, The server activity has increased significantly**.** all `TechNerd` members participated in answering questions. Currently, no new valid **tickets** have been created on this server.
    3. This week, `simple8720` shared insights on `creating an OP Stack Rollup testnet using` `op-deployer`. This served as a valuable example, bridging the gap before official documentation updates. The relevant information has been shared with the docs team. [More details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/developers/discussions/17#discussioncomment-12606204).
    4. Several discussions about `Supersim` took place this week, involving `chom`, `jsvisa`, and `simple8720`. Key issues were collected for reporting.
    5. `Precompile & Pre-install Contract` and Native Logging in OP Node: `Joohhnnn` conducted research on these topics and provided a report.
    6. **Documentation Fix:** `Hashigo` contributed a `documentation` fix. [More details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/docs/pull/1523).
- **Team Feedback**
  - Feedback received from team members.
    **Supersim Enhancements**:
    1. Multiple developers suggested enabling `WebSocket (WS)` access for Supersim.
    2. Discrepancy in `JSON-RPC` request handling: On L1, incomplete `input params` result in an error, while on L2, a response is still returned. â€”`chom`, `jsvisa`, `simple8720`
    **Native Logging in OP Node**: Should `OP Node` consider natively supporting logging output in a separate location? â€”`joohhnnn`
    **Superchain-devs Community Management**: Should there be more structured subchannels to manage user issues, or should complex issues be redirected to `tickets`? â€” `jsvisa`, `simple8720`
  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
- **Challenges & Issues**
  - **Major issues faced during the week**
  - How they were resolved.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities** 
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.** 
  - Any new areas that need additional focus. 
    - [supersim] 
    - [@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem) 
    â€” an new tool about interop\*\*
</details>
<details>
<summary><i>Meeting Notes & Action Items 2025/03/25</i></summary>

**Rule changes:**

- Down to 3 points a week, we can retroactively apply this for week 1 - 6.
- Issues in dev server get moved into tickets, if they are really big (or bugs) into gh.
- Async updates then summary in call! Love that.

**Action items for Vee:**

- Getting a new template up for the weekly reporting

**Action items for Zak :**

- Updating script/coordinate with soyboy to get script.
- Running weekly.
- No need for issues or PRs.

**Action items from NERDs:**

- top ~5 catagories for issues in dev server
- Go back and get data for weeks 1-6 to add to your trackers

**Actions for Simple8720:**

- Making threads with bugs in slack
- Move the weekly reports into the repo (under meetings)
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 7 - 2025/3/24 to 2025/3/30</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1.  A total of 5 **discussions** were created this week, 3 of which have already been closed.
    2.  Currently, no new valid **tickets** have been created on this server.
    3.  **Joohhnnn** investigated the `withdrawal process without relying on third-party dependencies`, which could resolve a long-standing issue, as some users prefer to minimize dependency usage. [more details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/developers/discussions/692#discussioncomment-12667621)
    4.  Several `important topics` were confirmed in `last week's meeting`, and the `action items` were handled in a very `friendly manner`. This week, the retrospective `contribution submissions` need to be pushed forward.
    5.  The investigation into using `Forge to deploy L1 contracts` is mostly complete. Before **op-deployer** provides better support for deploying on other L1s, it remains difficult to find a suitable version for **Forge** deployments.
    6.  The `data collection` and analysis work may take a few weeks to be fully refined.
- **Team Feedback**
  - Feedback received from team members.
    1. The faucet does not check Gitcoin Passport â€“ `t1p1` [more details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/developers/discussions/778)
    2. The team is expected to recommend a temporary solution for deploying L1 contracts using Forge on networks other than Mainnet and Sepolia â€“ `simple8720`
  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities** 
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.** 
    - Clarify the progress and templates related to **contribution tracking**. 
    - Merge the **action items** from the meeting into the **weekly report** or present them appropriately, possibly moving them to **GitHub**. 
    - Continuously track **active developers** and the **cool projects** they are working on. 
  - Any new areas that need additional focus. 
    - [supersim] 
    - [@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem) 
    - an new tool about interop\*\*
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 8 - 2025/3/31 to 2025/4/6</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
  - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
    1. Collected `discussion` data from the `GitHub Developer repository` for March. You can view it [here](https://www.notion.so/Data-Collection-Request-1bca10f7e95680f7acfedee7f701919a?pvs=21).

       `Data collection` and `analysis` on `Discord` has not yet been started.

    2. No new `discussion` were created on `GitHub` last week, and no new `tickets` were opened on `Discord`. Most of the activity took place in the `general channel` on `Discord`.
    3. [**Moving TechNERD Weekly Report to Developer Repository**](https://github.com/opfocus/developers/blob/TechNerds_Weekly_meeting/community/technerds-program/meetings/Weekly%20Report%20-%20TechNERDs%20S7.md) is in progress. The `meeting notes/actions` section still needs to be added.
- **Team Feedback**
  - Feedback received from team members.
    1. In a previous meeting, we discussed how to **submit individual contributions**. Since my English is not very fluent, would it be possible to write the **details** as part of the **action itemsï¼ˆHow/Whenï¼‰**? `â€”-simple8720`
    2. **Criteria for Evaluating Active TechNERDs:**

       Currently, resolving a single issue in the `general Discord channel` earns a maximum `T-shirt` score of **S**. For more **complex problems**, please guide users to **open a ticket** or **start a GitHub discussion**.`--simple8720`
  - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities** 
  - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**  
  - Any new areas that need additional focus. 
    - [supersim] 
    - [@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem) 
    - an new tool about interop\*\*
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 9 - 2025/4/7 to 2025/4/13</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
    - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
        1. **One new discussion** was created on GitHub last week, and **no new tickets** were opened on Discord. Most of the activity took place in the **#general** channel on Discord.
        2. New content added: [**Superchain Devs Weekly Digest**](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21), serving as an overview of topics developers in the `Superchain Devs` community are focusing on.
        3. **Recommended channel for Superchain Devs**: `#app-incubator`
        4. **Supersim L2 chains** now appear to support **WebSocket connections**.  [More details](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/supersim/pull/379)
- **Team Feedback**
    - Feedback received from team members.
        - There may be a need for step-by-step guidance on the process for **individual contribution submissions**.
            
            â€” *simple8720*
            
        - The **Technerds team** should pay more attention to and learn about **Interop**.
            
            â€” *simple8720*
            
    - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
        
        
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
    - Key tasks and goals for the next week.
    
    - Any new areas that need additional focus.
        - [supersim]
        - [@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem)  â€” an new tool about interop**
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 10 - 2025/4/14 to 2025/4/20</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
    - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
        1. **Three** new discussion was **created** on GitHub last week, and **no new tickets** were opened on Discord. Most of the activity took place in the **#general** channel on Discord.
        2. **Updated** : [**Superchain Devs Weekly Digest**](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21), serving as an overview of topics developers in the `Superchain Devs` community are focusing on.
        3. `t1p1` has been leading most of the issue discussions in the TechNERD channel.
        4. Unlike the old `Optimism dev-support` channel, `Superchain Devs` now includes not only `TechNERDs` but also other experts answering questionsâ€”showing potential for improved collaboration.
- **Team Feedback**
    - Feedback received from team members.
        - The **Technerds team** should pay more attention to and learn about **Interop**.
            
            â€” *simple8720*
            
        - Follow both the [individual and collective goals of TechNERDs in Season 7](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem-contributions/issues/268), there's currently a significant gap.  *â€”simple8720*
    - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
        
        
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
    - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**
    
    - Any new areas that need additional focus.
        - [supersim]
        - [@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem)  â€” an new tool about interop**
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 11 - 2025/4/20 to 2025/4/27</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
    - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
        1.  **Github Discussion:** Created  4, Closed  2**; Discord Ticket:** Created 1
        2. **Updated** : [**Superchain Devs Weekly Digest**](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21)
        3. **T1p1** answered a question in the ***interop*** category related to **SuperchainERC20**.
        4. This week, **TechNerds** kicked off two discussion topics:
            
            *How can we find out what projects the developers who are asking questions are working on?*
            
            *How can we achieve the team and individual goals of TechNERDs Season 7?*
            
        5. The **cleanup of historical discussions** on GitHub has been **completed**. The first page now shows all discussions with *open* status.
        6. In the upcoming week, weâ€™ll aim to **close 80% of discussions within 48 hours**.
        7. Reminder: Thereâ€™s **only one week left** to submit **individual contributions**.
- **Team Feedback**
    - Feedback received from team members.
        
        **Should we consider assigning a role to this project member?  â€” simple8720**
        
        ðŸ”— [Discord message](https://discord.com/channels/1326996400252387419/1334926932898222151/1364297131120263188)
        
        > "My name is Fede, I'm Head of DevRel at Mode (an OP Stack L2). Happy to be here and see what everyone builds, and help with feedback or introductions if needed."
        > 
    - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
        
        
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
    - Key tasks and goals for the next week.
  
    - Any new areas that need additional focus.
        - [supersim]
        - [@eth-optimism/viem](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/ecosystem/tree/main/packages/viem)  â€” an new tool about interop**
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 12 - 2025/4/28 to 2025/5/4</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
    - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
        1.  **Github Discussion:** Created  5, Closed  5**; Discord Ticket:** Created 0
        2. **Updated** : [**Superchain Devs Weekly Digest**](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21)
        3.  **joohhnnn** answered a question in the ***interop*** category related to **relayMessage**.
        4. **We closed 80% of discussions within 48 hours this week ï¼ˆ**Not yet confirmed by data**ï¼‰**.
        5. Reminder: Thereâ€™s **only two days left** to submit **individual contributions**.
- **Team Feedback**
    - Feedback received from team members.
    - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
        
        
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
    - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**
    - Any new areas that need additional focus.
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Week 13 - 2025/5/5 to 2025/5/11</b></summary>

- **Main Focus**
    - Brief summary of the weekâ€™s main objectives, priorities, and key achievements.
        1.  **Github Discussion:** Created  7, Closed  6**; Discord Ticket:** Created 0
        2. **Updated** : [**Superchain Devs Weekly Digest**](https://www.notion.so/Weekly-Report-TechNERDs-S7-19da10f7e9568065894bd1b41c19b5c7?pvs=21)
        3. **All active techNerds** members have updated their **personal contributions** up to **May 4, 2025**. These PRs have not yet been merged.
        4. We compiled the [April discussion list](https://www.notion.so/Discussion_April-List-1eda10f7e9568086b3ffea4d8a3ab6cd?pvs=21) / [other Metrics](https://www.notion.so/Data-Collection-Request-1bca10f7e95680f7acfedee7f701919a?pvs=21). Overall, **discussions** have become **less active**, and there are still few developers participating in open discussions in May.
        5. We may have seriously **overlooked the key concerns of developers** â€” *interop* has become a major focus of discussion, yet we have contributed almost nothing to related topics.
        6. **We closed 80% of discussions within 48 hours in pass two weeks** .
- **Team Feedback**
    - Feedback received from team members.
        1. **Feedback on the Contribution Report Template:**
        - I'm not sure about the recommended naming convention for the Markdown file. Is there a defined standard for this?
        - For the "Question Topic" field, I would prefer to have a set of standard categories to choose from, rather than entering free-form text.
        - There is currently a column for the total number of discussions per week. However, since the activity status is determined by the total number of T-shirt points, a dedicated column for the T-shirt point total should be included as well.
        - (This is not directly about the contribution template) Given the recent decline in technical questions, I suggest keeping the active week threshold at 3 points for Season 7, consistent with previous seasons. If any change is to be made for Season 8 and beyond, it should follow a proper discussion and consensus process.
        â€” *hashigo*
        
        1. Regarding the above feedback, I suggest we document it for now and revisit it for discussion at a later time. 
        â€” *simple8720*
    - Actions taken in response to feedback, if applicable.
        
        
- **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**
    - **Key tasks and goals for the next week.**
    - Any new areas that need additional focus.
</details>

### **Usage Instructions**:

1. **Add New Weeks**: For each new week, duplicate the structure and adjust the dates and content.
2. **Expand/Collapse Content**: Use the toggle blocks to keep the report clean and organized. Expand the content when necessary, and collapse it to keep the page neat.
3. **Team Feedback**: Include both positive feedback and areas for improvement. This section helps track recurring themes that may need attention.
4. **Challenges**: Document the most pressing issues faced, their resolution, or any help required from the team to address them.
5. **Next Weekâ€™s Priorities**: Always list the next week's tasks and important goals, ensuring a smooth transition to upcoming work.

### **Note**:

This template can be duplicated for each new week. Ensure the report is concise but includes enough detail for stakeholders to track progress and challenges.


###### PS:
[Superchain Devs Weekly Digest](https://coal-blarney-664.notion.site/Superchain-Devs-Weekly-Digest-1d6a10f7e95680eca4fdcce44df13cd2)

[github-open-discussion-view](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1g5nB5j2EWRVpwLLqHWOWOSeXYx3LGKA74a5DBy4qYMk/edit?usp=sharing)

[Proposal: A One-Time Cleanup of Unclosed Discussions in the Developers Repository](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bDxb1fYmpKmTUetDXgwMENHs3bDIOtNBj_gCU6dh1_A/edit?usp=sharing)

[Data Collection](https://www.notion.so/Data-Collection-Request-1bca10f7e95680f7acfedee7f701919a?pvs=21)
